(arrows whooshing)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
(footsteps crunching)
(horse hooves clopping)
(window creaking)
(tense music)
(gun firing)
(horse neighing)
- [Soldier] Shooter. shooter.
(gun firing)
(horse chuffing)
- Get 'em. get 'em. get 'em.
(gun firing)
(men groaning)
(dramatic music)
- [Leonard Voiceover]
Who have I been
praying to all this time?
(gentle music)
(chickens clucking)
You were my shelter. my
quiet place in the chaos.
My respite. the
calm in my storm.
(gentle music continues)
Your memory follows me
as constant as my shadow.
Your absence lingers.
but in every shadow.
I find your presence.
(gentle music continues)
With each sun that sets.
a day less between us.
(gentle music continues)
- All those things will do.
all those perfect pictures.
One day they'll
all be forgotten.
but today will make
them worthwhile.
So will you join me in a
story. written by you and me?
- How does this story end?
- [Johanna] I suppose you've
got a cook and a maid.
- Just a cook.
But there is a woman
that helps in a house.
And. oh and there is a boy.
- Pascal.
- Yes. Pascal. who
does the odd jobs.
- Pascal does
everybody's odd jobs.
- Yes. but we pay
him to do ours.
- You didn't even know his name.
- Adrien. stop it.
- You'll be saying he's
like one of the family next.
- Oh. Adrien.
Ow.
- Look at that.
- [Louise] Do I look
like a princess?
- Mm. my Parisian queen.
- I have to go.
Some of us have work to do.
- [Louise] Oh. I can help.
We've upset her.
- No we haven't.
She's just a pain in the neck.
- We still upset her.
- When are you
telling your parents?
telling your father?
Are you scared of him or what?
- No. of course not.
When he married my mother.
he doesn't have a
leg to stand on.
- Did she teach
you to be a poet?
(gentle music)
- I'm pretty sure she didn't
want me to be a farmer.
- [Leonard] Is
everything all right?
Have you seen your brother?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
- It looked like him.
it sounded like him.
but he wasn't acting like him.
- Is he with the girl?
(gentle music continues)
- So. how does the story end?
- It ends with you realizing
why everything happened
the way it had to happen.
(gentle music continues)
- [Leonard] Come on boy.
there's work to be done.
I think it's time you
were heading home.
- [Louise] I'm sorry Mr.
Lambert. it's my fault.
- [Leonard] I doubt that.
Adrien.
- [Adrien] Don't go.
- [Louise] It's all right.
Just stick it.
- [Adrien] Snitch.
- [Johanna] Lovesick idiot.
- [Harold] Your infatuation
with the Lambert boy.
- Daddy. he makes me happy.
And when he talks to me
and when he looks at me.
he doesn't see
education or status.
He sees me and he loves me.
- [Harold] Stop it.
(Louise crying)
- Oh. please don't cry.
If you've made a mistake.
if you've made promises
that you shouldn't have.
well we can fix it.
- Mamma. you don't understand.
He is worth it. he is.
- Is there something
that I should know?
- No. of course not.
(Louise crying)
- Since you start
talking like this.
I don't recognize you anymore.
- [Brigitte] Harold.
- Nothing you do or say
is gonna make a difference
and you've got to find
a way to live with that.
(dramatic music)
(insects chirping)
(tense music)
- She is not the right woman.
She doesn't belong here.
- Just like my mother?
- Marrying her was the most
selfish thing I ever did.
- But we're in love.
- Your mother and
I were in love.
It wasn't enough.
- You don't know Louise.
- No. but I know what
living and working on a farm
does to a woman.
Being married to a man like
me. the man you'll become.
it wears them down
little by little.
You don't notice at first.
And then they're gone.
If you love her. you'll let
her go.
- I can't do that.
- You can.
- No.
I really can't.
(tense music continues)
- Do I have to
talk to her father?
I'm sure you're not the
son-in-law he imagined.
- Do what you like.
Makes no difference.
- Adrien.
(door thudding)
Adrien.
(door hinge creaking)
(door thudding)
(dramatic music)
(wind gusting)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- Excuse me. sir.
- Not now.
(people speaking indistinctly)
Do you have a minute. sir?
- Is it Laurentz?
- You ordered
Lieutenant Von Rauch
to take the Belgian prisoners.
to command a Steiner's camp.
- Mm.
(footsteps crunching)
(dramatic music)
- He executed them.
(inaudible)
(dramatic music continues)
- We are at war.
- [Schultz] Not just the
prisoners. sir.
Men. women. children.
All of them because of
one franc-tireur.
a young girl barely
out of her teens.
- [Laurentz] What is
this. a cozy little nightcap.
- You salute a senior
officer Lieutenant.
You're going out tonight
with a scouting party.
- Don't worry. this is my last.
- Did I not raise you
to be a gentleman?
- You did.
- In war and in
peace. it's a choice.
We can choose to
respect our enemies.
- What. let them
shoot us in the back?
- Or we can be
unnecessarily brutal.
- One of my men was killed today
and they almost had me too.
- They were trying to
protect what was theirs.
I understand
that you ordered your
men to shoot civilians.
- They were rabble-rousers.
- No. they were
women and children.
War has a code.
Your decisions. your
choices. your actions
are putting us in danger.
(tense music)
- I did what I had
to do to save lives
and I will do it again.
(gentle music)
- This has got to stop boy.
before it goes too far.
- Too late for that.
- I didn't hear you.
- I said. what's
the point in that?
I'll be called up for the army
soon and then I'll be dead.
(gentle music continues)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- Father. is it true
the Kaiser's coming?
- No. no. no. Camille.
not the Kaiser himself.
- [Father Michael] Doctor.
(people speaking indistinctly)
- [Harold] Louise.
- [Father Michael] Leonard.
- I was wondering about
the doctor's new car.
- Oh yes.
Nice and shiny.
He has a barn big enough
to put his car in it.
and yet he chooses to park
it right here in the square.
In case of emergencies. he says.
I'd like to show you something.
- Now?
I have work to do.
- Sunday is a day
of rest. Leonard.
- For you maybe.
- [Nicolas] Did you hear what
happened last night?
Gunfire. right on
the road to Brussels.
- Could have been
someone shooting rabbits.
- People are leaving
the villages.
- Well. yeah. the rich are.
The poor are being abandoned
to look after themselves.
- Where are they going?
- France. mostly.
- Why would anyone
leave their home?
- Because they're terrified.
We all are. can't you see?
(insects chirping)
(distant bell ringing)
(horse hooves clopping)
- [Leonard] What are
we supposed to do
if the Germans turn up?
- Well. where I come from.
you resist. you fight back.
- With what?
Hunting rifle and a pitchfork?
- Or we could escape to France.
- Oh. you can do
that. but I can't.
I'm not leaving the farm.
- And what about the children?
- I'm not a child.
- That is right.
You're old enough to fight.
- But not old enough
to do what I want.
(footsteps tapping)
- He's young. Leonard.
(door thudding)
- Can I have one?
- Girls don't smoke.
- This girl does.
(both laughing)
(Adrien sighs)
- Bloody fools.
- I expect they've all been
through the same at their age.
They probably feel
sorry for you.
I feel sorry for you.
- I feel sorry for you.
It's the most wonderful
feeling in the world.
I feel invincible.
- (laughs) You don't look it.
(insects chirping)
(dramatic music)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- [Maximilian] What on
earth happened?
Where are the others?
- [Schultz] We're the
only survivors.
We walked straight
into a Belgian platoon. sir.
(Maximilian muttering)
- [Laurentz] What the
hell is going on?
(dramatic music continues)
- You were supposed
to be out there.
You were supposed
to be in charge.
Gather your men
we're moving out.
- We'll go after them.
They can't have gone far.
- What's this huh?
Too drunk to lead your men.
too drunk to do your job.
- Sergeant Schultz
is a capable soldier.
- 'Cause of your
arrogance and your self.
your self-indulgence.
we are now outnumbered.
Do you understand?
(people speaking indistinctly)
(dramatic music)
- There goes Leonard.
Visiting Father Michael.
- He's come to discuss
his tormented soul.
- It's about bloody time.
(dramatic music continues)
(door opens)
(footsteps approaching)
- [Father Michael] Come.
Remember this?
- I'm hardly likely to forget.
(keys jingling)
- And when the Germans come.
this is gonna be the
safest place to hide.
- Why are you showing me this?
- The people trust you Leonard.
They're going to be looking
to you for leadership.
- They can look all they like.
I'm not leading anyone anywhere.
(dramatic music)
- Look. nobody else knows
that these are here.
- No surprise then.
How old are these?
When were they last cleaned?
- I don't know.
I don't know
anything about guns.
That's why I wanted to
show you where they are.
If it should come down to it.
- If it should
come down to what?
- Who else am I gonna ask?
The doctor?
The mayor and most of the parish
council have gone already.
There's no one left.
(gentle dramatic music)
People are always
the last front.
And the people
respect you. Leonard.
even though you don't know it.
- I can't do this.
- Then who will?
(dramatic music)
- Hmm. you look good up there.
- Like a poet's wife?
- Like Mrs. Lambert.
- What?
You're getting married now?
A bit fast. isn't it?
- Don't tell Dad.
- [Johanna] What's it worth?
- To keep your mouth shut.
I'd say it was worth
me not throwing you
into the deep end of the pond
and holding you under.
- Adrien.
- Fine.
I really don't care
what you do to me.
or you Miss la dee da.
- Oi.
you dare speak to her like that?
- Johanna.
(dramatic music continues)
- Dad. Dad. Louise and
Adrien are getting married.
Dad. where are you?
They're getting married. Dad.
(tense music)
- [Adrien] What's she
got to be upset about?
- She thinks she's losing you.
- She shouldn't be here.
- We brought the
hay down. Leonard.
I was glad of the help.
- She's not going anywhere.
- Adrien. don't make a fuss.
- This is not the time.
She should be at
home with her family.
- We're her family.
(tense music continues)
You are her family.
(Johanna screaming)
- Oh. my God.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(Johanna groaning)
- Dad!
- Let her go.
- No.
(dramatic music)
- No. no. no. Dad.
- Let her go.
you're scaring her.
Will you tell your soldier to
let go of my daughter. please?
- We are not here to
hurt you or your family.
(dramatic music)
- [Johanna] No. stop.
- It's okay.
- They're hurting me.
- Let her come to me.
- Is this your farm?
- [Leonard] Yes. it is.
- It's very nice.
How big is it?
(Johanna crying)
- Johanna be calm.
- They're hurting me.
- Be calm.
- We will only take
what we need.
My men need water and supplies.
- On second thought.
I think I might slaughter
to one of your pigs.
And I'll take your horse.
- I can't let you do that.
(dramatic music)
- You want your children
to grow up fatherless. huh?
Huh?
- No. no.
- Please.
- Laurentz.
lower your gun.
(dramatic music continues)
- You know. maybe. just maybe.
I might take the girl. huh.
- No. no.
- Ya.
- No. no. no.
- [Laurentz] Come here.
Come here!
- In God's name. why?
(Johanna screaming)
- ]Maximilian] Get off him.
- Adrien.
- No.
- Don't do this.
(all groaning)
(Adrien panting)
- I'm sorry.
He's young.
(dramatic music continues)
- Adrien.
- It's fine.
(gun firing)
(Johanna screaming)
No! No!
No! Dad! No!
No.
(Johanna screaming)
No. Adrien!
- [Laurentz] Die. now!
(gun firing)
(Louise crying)
- Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
Quiet.
We need to be quiet.
Shh.
- You want to play with me. huh?
- Lieutenant.
stand down.
Stand down. Lieutenant.
- Ya. ya I stand down.
(Leonard groaning)
- [Schulz] Run.
Just go.
(gun firing)
- [Laurentz] Run. run.
(horse neighing)
(Schultz panting)
(dramatic music)
(footsteps tapping)
- Move.
- Sir.
- Have you lost your mind?
- [Laurentz] He
almost broke my nose.
- And the girl?
- She was a mistake.
- What happened to you Laurentz?
How did you become
such a monster?
- I am not a monster.
I am a soldier. ya.
(tense music)
- I always knew that
you were capable
of something like this.
I'd hoped you'd prove me wrong.
I thought I could protect
you from yourself.
- Sir. I don't--
- When we reach Reims.
you will be relieved
of your command.
- Father.
- I will spare you
the humiliation
of a court martial
by allowing you to
resign your commission.
- You know you are a
sentimental old fool
and you are going to
get us all killed.
- And you shame our country.
And you shame our family.
(dramatic music)
(footsteps receding)
- Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
(dramatic music continues)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- [Nicolas] Leonard. are
you all right?
What's happened?
- Leonard.
What happened?
- [Leonard] They killed my son
and then they. they
killed my daughter.
They shot them in front of me.
I did nothing.
- [Harold] Where's Louise?
- Give him a minute.
- Was she with you?
- Harold.
- Where is she?
- For God's sake.
- [Harold] Tell me where is she?
- I don't know. she's--
- Leonard. where are they?
Where are the Germans?
- I don't know.
- [Harold] They killed Adrien
and his sister.
- Harold. Louise. where is she?
- Listen. I'm going to find her.
Go back inside.
Lock the doors.
Don't let anyone
in until I'm back.
- Please.
- No. no!
(Louise crying)
(somber music)
- No. no!
(somber music continues)
- Turn the engine off.
Now show me your hands.
Show me your hands.
- [Harold] I'm unarmed.
- Where have you come from?
- From the village.
I need to find my daughter.
- Are there soldiers
in the village?
- No.
Sir. I--
(dramatic music)
- We will escort you back.
- I need to find--
- Going to drive us
into the town. ya.
And you're not
going to say a word.
(car door thudding)
(dramatic music continues)
(Johanna coughing)
- Hey. hey. Johanna.
Hey. hey. it's all right.
It's all right. it's all right.
It's all right.
She's alive.
Hey Louise. she's alive.
Hey. come on. come on.
Okay Louise. we need to
get her to your father.
Okay. come on. come on.
(Johanna screaming)
It's all right. it's all right.
you're gonna be all right.
Come on.
(dramatic music)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- They're lying where they fell.
- We'll go back and bury
them when all this is over.
- Ah.
- We're running out of time.
We have to get the
people to safety.
- They won't bother us.
We're civilians.
- We can fight them.
- [Father Michael] No.
No. we can't risk anymore lives.
Leonard.
- [Camille] Shouldn't
we hide in the fields.
isn't that the safest place?
- We won't.
- [Nicolas] They're not going
to do anything.
They want water and
food and that's it.
- We should defend our homes.
If we're gonna die. we might
as well die with honor.
- Nobody's going to die.
- Well. I've already died.
They're heavily armed.
they don't care.
Believe me. Nicolas. more
people are gonna die.
- Well. you can
hide all you want.
but I'm gonna fight.
- With what. your
butchers knives?
A few old guns?
Follow me.
(dramatic music)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- Hey. what's going on?
- The bloody bastards
are on their way.
- We're going to a safe
place. come with us.
- I can't leave my
mother. she's too ill.
- Well lock your door.
barricade yourself in.
Have you got a gun?
- [Villager] Yes. I have.
- Follow us.
- [Father Michael]
Everyone follow us.
(dramatic music)
- This way.
Come through. come.
- Now. come on.
Come on. get you all in.
Come on.
Yeah. come on.
Peter.
(keys jingling)
(dramatic music continues)
All right.
You go down. Leonard.
- You're not coming with us?
- No. I'll stay in the
church just in case
there are any stragglers.
And I'll follow you down there.
(gentle music)
You be strong. Leonard.
Hmm.
(door thudding)
- [Camille] Shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh.
(baby crying)
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
How long will you
have to stay here?
(Leonard panting)
- I don't know.
(dramatic music)
(footsteps crunching)
(Louise crying)
- [Fergal] Louise.
(Louise whimpering)
It's okay. it's all
right. it's all right.
It's gonna be all right.
What's wrong?
- [Louise] It's.
it's my father.
(Louise gasping)
(dramatic music)
(gun cocking)
- [Maximilian] Someone
told them we were coming.
- Sir. it wasn't me.
- We know.
No need to be afraid
there. Doctor.
- If there are any
franc-tireurs out there.
you'll be the first to know. ya.
- They are peaceful and unarmed.
They are only civilians.
(dramatic music)
(footsteps thudding)
(car engine revving)
(dramatic music continues)
(soldiers footsteps thudding)
(baby crying)
- Shh. shh. shh. shh.
- Shh.
(horse hooves clopping)
(dramatic music continues)
(car door thuds)
- Get out.
- Exit the car.
Get out.
- Schultz. put a
man on each corner.
Do it now.
Now.
- [Schultz] Let's keep an
eye out for franc-tireurs.
One man on each corner.
Let's go.
Let's keep an eye out
for franc-tireurs.
- [Maximilian] I'm sorry.
But we own your car now.
Where can we get more fuel?
(baby crying)
(dramatic music continues)
Laurentz. go with him.
- Now.
- [Maximilian] And take
Schultz with you.
- Let him go.
- Put the gun down.
(dramatic music)
Brigitte. for God's sake.
Put the gun down.
- I mean her no harm.
- Where is my daughter?
- [Harold] Put the gun down.
- I mean your husband no harm.
(gun firing)
(Schultz groaning)
- [Harold] Brigitte.
(footsteps thudding)
- [Soldier] It's a
trap. it's a trap.
(dramatic music)
- No.
(gun firing)
No.
(body thudding)
(Laurentz panting)
(gun firing)
(people speaking indistinctly)
- You led us into a trap.
- No.
- You're part of
the resistance. no?
- I had to talk to her.
(dramatic music)
(walking stick thudding)
- [Maximilian] What is going on?
Where's Schultz?
(Harold groaning)
- [Laurentz] Leave it.
father. this one is mine.
- [Father Michael] Stop.
Please.
Stop.
(dramatic music)
My son.
There is no need for
any more killing.
- Tell me who the leader of
the resistance is and I won't.
- This is a village.
No one here will harm you.
- [Maximilian] Laurentz.
please stop now.
- There is no
resistance. Laurentz.
Everything is all right.
(dramatic music continues)
There is no resistance.
(gun firing)
(dramatic music)
- [Laurentz] Who is the leader?
You want to die?
- I told you I don't know.
Please.
(gun firing)
- [Laurentz] I need a name.
Give me a name.
- I have.
I have a daughter. please. sir.
- [Laurentz] Louder.
Give me his name.
- [Harold] I have a daughter.
- Who?
(Harold crying)
(Harold groaning)
I will ask you one more time.
Give the name.
- Lambert.
- Louder.
- [Harold] Lambert the farmer.
(gun firing)
(dramatic music)
- [Camille] Shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh.
- You two.
and you lot. get out there.
Search every building.
I don't care who you
have to kill to find him.
You just fucking find him.
Because I have nothing to lose
now. don't I. father?
Huh?
(dramatic music)
(baby crying)
- [Camille] Shh. shh. shh. shh.
- Hush up.
- Leonard.
(soldiers footsteps thudding)
(keys jingling)
(door hinge creaking)
- They don't know the town.
(dramatic music)
We'll keep them busy
until it gets dark.
That won't be long.
Stand your ground. old man.
Are you ready?
We'll split when we get outside.
Don't make a sound
until we get back.
(dramatic music)
(footsteps thudding)
(people clamoring)
(guns firing)
(footsteps thudding)
(soldier knocking)
- [Soldier] Hey.
Open up!
There he is!
(gun cocking)
(dramatic music continues)
- [Soldier] Halt!
(guns firing)
- [Soldier] Get him.
(dramatic music continues)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(gun firing)
(soldier groaning)
- [Soldier] In the window.
(gun cocking)
(Leonard panting)
(guns firing)
- God.
(footsteps thudding)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(guns firing)
(dramatic music continues)
- No. not now.
Not now.
(gun cocking)
- Weber.
red door. second floor.
(guns firing)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(gun cocking)
(guns firing)
Take cover. father.
- We are leaving.
- We're not leaving
until I have the farmer.
Shit.
- I'm not gonna let
my men be picked off
like fish in a barrel.
- Father!
- Listen to me. for once!
(guns firing)
- This is unacceptable.
(dramatic music continues)
- Are you raising your
weapon on me. son?
(footsteps thudding)
- Dad.
- No.
(gun firing)
- [Laurentz] Down.
Down.
(gun cocking)
(gun firing)
(footsteps receding)
(footsteps thudding)
(Leonard panting)
(gentle music)
- Louise.
Louise.
(gentle music continues)
- I had a chance to tell her
and I didn't.
(footsteps thudding)
- [Fergal] She's gonna
be all right.
Didn't hit anything vital.
The bleeding's stopped for now.
- Johanna.
It's me.
it's Papa.
- [Johanna] Where have you been?
- I've been at grandpa
and grandma's house.
- [Johanna] Was Mom there?
(Leonard chuckles)
- She was.
Mom was there.
(guns firing)
We have to leave.
- Come on.
- I can walk.
- Louise. I need you to grab
whatever medical supplies
you can find.
- Food and water.
Anything we can carry.
- [Fergal] Yeah.
- We'll go by the river.
- [Fergal] The trees will
give us cover.
- There are people
in the church.
- [Fergal] Leonard. the bigger
the number. the bigger the risk.
- They're coming with us.
(footsteps tapping)
- Oh God bless his soul.
They've got Enzo.
- Someone's coming.
(dramatic music)
(door hinge creaking)
- Is everyone ready?
- [Villager] Johanna.
- She's one of Father
Michael's miracles.
- Okay. look. we're
going to France.
We'll be safe.
- We know a route.
- We'll be sitting
ducks out there.
- If you stay here.
you're as good as dead.
- Okay. look. we
need to move now.
Okay. come on. come on.
- Are you not coming?
- This is our home. Leonard.
We stay.
(dramatic music)
(horse hooves clopping)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(footsteps thudding)
(people screaming)
- Go. go. go. go.
(bomb exploding)
(people screaming)
(door thudding)
(dramatic music)
(people speaking indistinctly)
(Laurentz chuckles)
- [Villager] We
mean no harm. sir.
- [Laurentz] Ya. ya.
put it down.
Where's the farmer?
- Which farmer?
There are many. sir.
(Laurentz clicks tongue)
- Where is he?
- We don't know.
(gun cocking)
(people screaming)
- Where's the farmer?
- France.
They are heading for France.
(dramatic music)
(fire crackling)
- [Villager] Please. please!
Please don't! Don't!
Please don't.
(people screaming)
(guns firing)
(gun firing)
(horse neighing)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(dramatic music continues)
- [Laurentz] Sir.
the farmer is
heading for France.
- Do you want to follow him?
- Of course.
- [Maximilian] Our orders are
to rejoin the battalion.
- You want to explain
to Schultz's father.
why you did not go
after his killer. hm?
- He was killed by
the doctor's wife.
- The farmer is responsible
for all of this.
You know that.
- This man and his people.
we will deal with them.
We will. not you.
Do you understand?
- Perfectly.
- Whatever happens.
you will be resigning
your commission.
- As you wish. father.
(dramatic music continues)
(insects chirping)
- [Nicolas] I'm sorry.
- [Maria] What for?
- Should have taken more walks.
I should have done more.
- Hey. there's plenty of
time for that.
(gentle music)
(footsteps crunching)
- You just squeeze my hand.
(Johanna crying)
- [Camille] Oh God gave us his
spirit not of fear.
but of power. love
and self-control.
(Johanna crying)
- You keep it.
I should have seen this coming.
All of it.
- There's no shame in it.
- I just feel so foolish.
- A fool that kept
the three of us safe.
My fool.
- We've gotta get
her to a hospital.
- We'll rest here tonight.
(Thomas groaning)
- Oh get off. I can't breathe!
- Who are you?
Why are you spying on us?
- Answer the question. boy.
- I was just hungry.
I was looking for food.
- The rifle?
- I'm on the run from
the Germans. please.
They killed my parents.
Killed my parents.
(Thomas crying)
- Come on.
We're heading for
the French border.
You can come with us.
- Are you with the resistance?
- No. no. I'm just a farmer.
- Where did you get this?
- This is Adrien's.
That's my son's.
- [Thomas] The Germans were
fighting East of here.
I passed a cart
looking for some food.
not far from their camp.
the shotgun was in the back.
- My horse and cart too.
I'm going after them.
- You know you can't.
- Quicker. we get to France.
the better Johanna's
chances are.
The horse and cart
will halve our journey time.
- They're heavily armed.
- They're busy trying
not to get slaughtered.
This is our best chance.
I'll leave at the crack of dawn.
Will you stay with us?
- [Thomas] Yes.
My name's Leonard.
This is my daughter. Louise.
(gentle music)
(fire crackling)
(gentle music continues)
I wanted to thank you
for saving Johanna.
- It was Fergal.
I was just there.
- No. no. you were
more than that.
You were brave.
You were compassionate.
You did it because
you love my son.
- I did.
Very much.
(Louise crying)
I just wish my parents knew.
It's all my fault.
I should have--
- No. you did everything right.
They'd be proud to see
you being so brave.
I was proud of you.
(gentle music continues)
Had you thought of a name?
- Yeah.
We did.
If it's a girl.
your wife's name. Elise.
If it's a boy.
I want to call him Adrien.
Do you think we can make it?
- We have to.
For ourselves and for them.
(Leonard crying)
(dramatic music)
(footsteps crunching)
(dramatic music continues)
- You're daydreaming.
- All this bloodshed.
yet... still nature
stays indifferent.
You look up and you
see it clear as sky.
so... infinitely distant
from earthly life.
You look down and you see the
world tearing itself apart.
We put all our love and hope
in this... fragile. miracle
of life. for what?
(bombs exploding)
(soldiers screaming)
(Leonard mumbles)
- Look.
- No. Leonard.
- [Louise] For them to
go off to fight
and die from a stray bullet
in someone else's war.
(dramatic music)
(guns firing)
(bombs exploding)
(dramatic music continues)
- [Maria] I don't want to fight.
I want to grow old.
Live in peace.
- But you can live in peace
(gentle dramatic music)
if you don't fall
for their lies.
- What lies?
- That we're destined
to hate each other.
To only see the worst
in other people's soul.
(soldier groaning. screaming)
(gun firing)
(Laurentz panting)
(dramatic music)
(gun clicks)
(gentle dramatic music)
- Go on. go!
(guns firing)
(Maximilian gasping)
- Father.
(gentle dramatic
music continues)
- Maybe that's why that
man let Leonard escape.
So he could do what's right.
- [Laurentz] Father!
Father.
(Laurentz screaming)
(gun firing)
No.
(dramatic music)
(Laurentz panting)
- Whoa.
- Are you rested?
- A bit.
But I'm all right.
- How are you?
Are you hurt?
- No. no.
I killed their commander.
The father.
- The son will come after us.
He won't stop.
- We need to keep moving.
You load up the cart.
(gentle music)
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Did you see him?
The man that killed Adrien?
- I did.
- Are you gonna kill him?
(gentle music continues)
- [Maximilian
Voiceover] Laurentz.
When did the darkness take you?
Was it the seductive
call of power?
The poison of brutality
seeping into your soul.
You stand before me now my
son. but I do not know you.
That innocent boy with
laughter in his eyes is gone.
Replaced by a hollow
man. consumed by hate.
(child's echoing laugh)
(rain pattering)
(tense music)
(horse hooves clopping)
(horse neighing)
- We need to stop for a while.
Johanna's wound's opened up.
I think it's the
movement of the cart.
(dramatic music)
(horse chuffs)
- We're close to
the French border.
What do you think?
A couple of hours?
- About that.
- [Leonard] Then we plow on.
- [Soldier] Why are we waiting?
- Let them get
closer to the border.
Let them think they're safe.
(dramatic music)
(horse hooves clopping)
(horse neighing)
(distant horses neighing)
(dramatic music)
(horse hooves clopping)
(wagon rumbling)
(insects chirping)
(horse hooves clopping)
(dramatic music continues)
(distant yelling)
- Leonard.
Leonard.
There's something out there.
- Henri.
(dramatic music)
- It's them.
They're on the
edge of the forest.
How far to the
French border now?
- [Fergal] An hour. maybe more.
- She's feverish.
She keeps losing consciousness.
(Leonard panting)
- Then we stand and fight.
(gentle dramatic music)
How much do you
think is in here?
- [Fergal] A hundred liters.
- Unload it.
- Please don't.
- Get Johanna to a
hospital in Paris.
- You should go with them.
Stay with the children.
- Ah. it's me that he wants.
And he'll just keep
coming unless we stop him.
(barrel thuds)
If we don't get to the
French border by sunrise.
you continue without us.
You have to be strong. Louise.
(gentle music)
Go. go now.
- Maria.
- Look after our son.
- You better come back.
(horse hooves clopping)
(dramatic music)
(gun cocking)
(distant horses neighing)
(dramatic music)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(horse hooves clopping)
- [Laurentz] Charge!
- Our father who art in heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
thy will be done on earth.
(horse hooves clopping)
(dramatic music)
- This is for you my boy.
(soldiers screaming)
(horse neighing)
- Fire.
(guns firing)
(horse neighing)
(fire raging)
(gun firing)
(dramatic music continues)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(guns firing)
- They're coming through.
- [Laurentz] Oh shit.
(guns firing)
(dramatic music continues)
(gun cocking)
(guns firing)
- Fergal.
Don't you die on
me. boy. come on.
Come on.
(gun firing)
- Let's go.
(dramatic music continues)
(gun firing)
(soldiers yelling indistinctly)
(both groaning)
(Laurentz panting)
(Fergal groaning)
(Leonard screaming)
(dramatic music continues)
(both groaning)
(Laurentz screaming)
(Leonard screaming)
(Laurentz groaning)
(Leonard panting)
(gentle dramatic music)
- Let's go.
- [Thomas] Wait.
Wait.
- Thomas.
Are you all right?
- I'm fine.
I'm fine.
- Where are the others?
- They're coming.
Henri.
(Thomas panting)
He's been shot.
(Camille crying)
- No!
(solemn music)
Henri.
- I told you I'd come back.
- I'd already decided
if you hadn't.
I would have taken care of
Johanna. my little sister.
- Adrien gave his life for
what he believed was right.
That family's worth
fighting for and dying for.
(gentle music)
- Hey. is my father safe?
- He is. love.
We all are.
- [Louise] He was terrified
of disappointing you.
- Disappoint me. how?
He chose you.
- Are you coming?
- In a while.
You go on without me.
I won't be long.
(gentle music)
(Leonard sighs)
You've come to say goodbye.
I thought you might.
(gentle music continues)
You take care of our boy now.
I'll take care of
our little girl.
You'll always be with me.
Everywhere.
(gentle music continues)
(dramatic music)
(dramatic music continues)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm